# Apache & mysql & php & phpmyAdmin

  1. VMware WorkStation 15
  2. Test In Ubuntu version ( 20.04 )
  3. Install docker-compose packages
  
```
$ git clone https://github.com/dbwnsgur741/apm_test/
$ docker-compose up -d   
```
 
# Run mysql client:

```
$ docker-compose exec db mysql -u root -p
```

# Bind Mount

1. Bind mounts have limited functionality compared to volumes.

2. When you use a bind mount, a file or directory on the host machine is mounted into a container. 

3. The file or directory is <b>referenced by its full or relative path</b> on the host machine.

4. <b>By contrast</b>, when you use a <b>volume</b>, a new directory is created within Docker’s storage directory on the host machine, and Docker manages that directory’s contents.

5. Bind mounts are very performant, but they <b>rely on the host machine’s filesystem</b> having a specific directory structure available.

<div style="background-color:black; padding:20px;">
<b>Tip</b>: <b>New users should use the --mount syntax. </b><br>
Experienced users may be more familiar with the -v or --volume syntax<br>
 but are encouraged to use --mount, because research has shown it to be easier to use.
</div>

# Differences betwwen -v and --mount 

1. If you use -v or --volume to bind-mount a file or directory that <b>does not yet exist on the Docker host</b>, -v creates <b>the endpoint for you</b>. It is always created as a directory.

2. if you use --mount to bind-mount a file or directory that does not yet exist on the Docker host, <b>Docker does not automatically create it for you, but generates an error.</b>


# Volume

1. <b>Volumes</b> are the preferred mechanism for persisting data generated by and used by Docker containers. 

2. Volumes are easier to back up or migrate than bind mounts.


## When you run 
```
$docker-compose -up -d
```
## It will be volumed public-html with var/www/html in container
## So you can easily set developing enviroment. 